Add state overrides for `linea_estimateGas` (#939)
Consensys/doc.linea: docs/api/reference/linea-estimategas.mdx

  - `value`: _\[optional]_ Hexadecimal value of the value sent with this transaction.
  - `data`: _\[optional]_ Hash of the method signature and encoded parameters. See the
      [Ethereum contract ABI specification](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/abi-spec.html).

> - `stateOverride`: _\[optional]_  Object that contains the address-to-state mapping to [override state values](#override-state-values)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `stateOverride`: _\[optional]_  Object that contains the address-to-state mapping to [override state values](#override-state-values).
```

[RapidTables](https://www.rapidtables.com/convert/number/hex-to-decimal.html).

:::

## Override state values

You can override an account with temporary state values before making the call. This allows you to
make temporary state changes without affecting the actual blockchain state.

> The following example estimates the cost for transferring an ERC20 token for an account which does not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example estimates the cost for transferring an ERC-20 token for an account which does not
```

Per the [Consensys Editorial Style Guide](https://www.notion.so/consensys/Consensys-Editorial-Style-Guide-d5b9867e85df4ae38f8bed44f61a77d5?pvs=4). Though we're not consistent with this throughout this site so I'll make an issue to fix.

have the required assets onchain.

The example sets a custom ETH balance for the sender (to cover gas costs) and modifies the account's

> balance within the ERC20 contract's storage for the duration of the call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
balance within the ERC-20 contract's storage for the duration of the call.
```
